# Monday, May 24, 2021

 - Story idea about sci fi world with planet nearing 1 trillion inhabitants and they deal with it with two cycles of life, day night
   - simmilar but two planets
   - from certain height space becomes international territory. This basically means if you do anything shady in there you are offending all nations. The problem with this approach is that you are offending a group and not a specific nation. And saying it's international and you are offending all nations is a simplification, it's the international space (need something something name with catchy acronym maybe?). What happens is one nation gains a lot of power on earth and purposefully acts provocatively inside the SpaceX (this means no name yet org) territory. Most of the weaker nations do not want to start conflict the offending giant country and draw back their membership, which eventually leads into a situation where there is a major force on earth initiating war on SpaceX, there's half of the world idling and not participating and then there is relatively very small group of people, but very well advanced and armed and positionally superior (argueably, they don't want to do harm to bystanders) in space and in mars who are being provoked.
   - THe conflict basically stems from the amount of funds going into space. However, what the earth is unuware is that at this point Mars has become self-sufficient in the last 2 years.
     - stuff can happen here, only two "seasons", something bad can happen. 
 - Is this the same story/world as with people living shared day/night cycles? Maybe...
 - 